[EDU-11754] Reactivated documentation (#1019)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/Storefront-Guides/b2b-setup/querying-b2b-order-statuses.md

---
title: "Querying B2B order statuses"
slug: "querying-b2b-order-statuses"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2022-07-12T19:09:55.157Z"
updatedAt: "2024-03-04T19:09:55.157Z"
---

> > ⚠️The Querying B2B order statuses app has been deprecated in favor of the [B2B Orders History](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.b2b-orders-history) app. Although this app has limited support, we strongly recommend you update your store theme with the [B2B Suite](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.b2b-suite) app to keep up with the component's evolution.

Reviewer: Em "Although this app has limited support", não ficou claro qual app tem limited support. B2B Order status ou B2B Orders History?

> > ⚠️The Querying B2B order statuses app has been deprecated in favor of the [B2B Orders History](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.b2b-orders-history) app. Although this app has limited support, we strongly recommend you update your store theme with the [B2B Suite](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.b2b-suite) app to keep up with the component's evolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️This guide uses the B2B Orders app, which has been deprecated in favor of the [B2B Orders History](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.b2b-orders-history) app. Although this app has limited support, we strongly recommend you update your store theme with the [B2B Suite](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.b2b-suite) app to keep up with the component's evolution.
```

> In a B2B business model, your company and your partners may need to share selected information, such as order statuses. This is necessary when you want to show the status of external orders — orders made outside VTEX — to customers on your ecommerce, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a B2B business model, your company and your partners may need to share selected information, such as order statuses. This is necessary to show the status of external orders — orders made outside VTEX — to customers on your ecommerce, for example.
```

For these scenarios, we recommend that you install and set up the [B2B Orders app](#installing-the-b2b-orders-app) in your VTEX account. By communicating with your Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), this app allows your business’ customers to securely check their order status at any time they want.

> > ⚠️ The B2B Orders app is not compatible with the [B2B Suite](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-b2b-suite) solution. Therefore, these instructions do not apply to stores using the B2B Suite. If you are using the B2B Suite, refer to the [B2B Orders History](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-b2b-orders-history) documentation instead.

Reviewer: Isso aqui deveria aparecer mais para cima. Talvez até mesclar com o conteúdo do primeiro callout.
